Add Ceph post configuration section (#659)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_migrating-mon-from-controller-nodes-verification.adoc

> * Verify that the {CephCluster} cluster is healthy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the {CephCluster} cluster is healthy:
```
Now that we have more than 1 step, I'm changing the steps to a numbered list.

Author: Ack, makes sense! (Fixed)

+
----

> $ ceph -s

Author: @klgill I think this section will be extended when we get feedback from the field.

  cluster:
    id:     f6ec3ebe-26f7-56c8-985d-eb974e8e08e3
    health: HEALTH_OK
...
...
----

> Verify that the {CephCluster} mons are running with the old IP addresses.
> 
> * SSH into the target nodes and verify the mon daemons are bound to the
>   expected IP and port:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the {CephCluster} mons are running with the old IP addresses. SSH into the target nodes and verify that the Ceph Monitor daemons are bound to the expected IP and port:
```
